engineering sapper command
Russian troops thought about
improvement means weapons for this
the military began to develop
special concept and although
engineering of the Russian army
recognized as one of the most reliable in the world
she and modern experts say to
example setting mine clearing urs 77
was put into service more
thirty years ago used so far
pore in order to really appreciate
combat power machine command same
world troops arranged a general collection
on a military training ground in the village of Elizabeth
Leningrad region Anna Popova
been there and that's what she coloring
at
almost all these problems started
were immediately delivered three years
the second car did not agree
and although fixed and managed quickly but it
the opportunity showed that the command
mortal troops over the improvement of combat
relics thought that not in vain ostentatious
the lessons were intel covenant passes under
the leadership of the chief
Russian engineering engineer lawyer
Aviv General Major Stavitsky
gathered the Leningrad subordinates with all
SCO countries are being developed
concept for the development of the slice of a weapon engineer
including off
We will think how we will get
performance of our equipment but purchased
Nabokov was modern
more fictitious
ever higher tactics technical
characteristics most
engineering engineering was put on
armament all soviet years
for example this installation
demining steel mass production
Another 78 year she is able to do
anti-tank mine moves during combat
passage width is 6 meters
85 90 meters
between the military call this car
reduced to hire or fabulous size
mayor because she spews flame
engineering equipment Russian army
considered reliable and easy to operate
however, it is fully mechanized.
it is controlled by people they are computers a
twenty first century this is irrelevant
although any soldier can learn
set heavy mouth after
two duty stations but modern
technologies could with essentially
ease the task
so heavily mechanized about
film industry articles
consists of four spans each 10
meters installed Ltd 4
me crews his payload she
sixty tones by weight main combat
machines can be deployed and opposite
shores designers designed tmm 3
relying on statistical
data depth
role modules
obstacles
five meters which corresponds
bring the average
in depth
tokyo
in the European part of Russia and 12 40 meters
stopping anti-tank and
antipersonnel mines on the field also passes
under the strict guidance of
Major General Stavitsky
minefields are set as
usually implemented
in a way
it is known that in war all means are good
although it is not only a different military equipment
soldierly savvy and if by objective
reasons from the car in my can stall
who soldier can not relax
however and tricks and engineering sapper
the troops do not hold in addition to mining
mine installation difficult
mechanized bridges in charge
engineering troops enters and disguise
an example of wooden structures main
calls for a false brain although on
sensors of opponents he will fix become
how really active is
this will attract the attention of programs
history has shown that the Russian army with
strongest in the world
however dwell on
achieved by the military is still not going
to strengthen the military technical base in
Russia allocated billions of rubles and
coming years soviet change
market can replace the award
on transformer
she joined the delegation allies
Leningrad region